docs: adding documentation writing guidelines (#9366)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: docs/DOC_WRITING_GUIDELINES.md

# Documentation Writing Guidelines

## Best practices

+ Check the spelling and grammar, even if you have to copy and paste from external source.
+ Use simple sentences. Easy-to-read sentences mean the reader can quickly use the guidance you share.
+ Try to express your thoughts in a concise and clean way.
+ Don't abuse `code` format when talking in plain English.

> + Follow Google developer documentation style [guide](https://developers.google.com/style).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Follow Google developer documentation [style guide](https://developers.google.com/style).
```

> + Check the meaning of the words in Microsoft a-z word list term [collections](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/a/above) (use the search input!).

Reviewer: This link points to a specific entry. There is no link for the index of this section so we should probably start with the first page of this section.
```suggestion
+ Check the meaning of words in Microsoft's [A-Z word list and term collections](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/term-collections/accessibility-terms) (use the search input!).
```
